BEEGROUND-README
===========================
BEEGROUND is an open-source simulation tool for aggregation of swarm robots controlled by the bio-inspired algorithm BEECLUST

Author: Shiyi Wang

****
# Contents
* [Overview](#Overview)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Setting](#Setting)


# Overview
-----------
Bee-Ground is an open-source simulation tool based on Unity and Unity Machine Learning Agents which can be applied to the research on aggregation of swarm robots, especially the swarm robots controlled by the bio-inspired algorithm BEECLUST. MONA[1] is the modelled robot in this simulation software, however different robotic platform can be easily developed in Bee-Ground.

* • Bee-Ground is an open source, cross-platform simulation tool
* • Bee-Ground can simulate the operation of swarm robots in various complex and dynamic environments, including obstacles and multiple heat source scenarios. 
* • Bee-Ground performs multi-layer multi-scenario simulations simultaneously, and the simulation speed can reach 100 times as the real-time without loosing sampling resolution.
* • Bee-Ground provides extended possibilities for application of machine learning technics in swarm robotics.




# Installation
## Step 1. Download a Beeground version from the folder 01 Version
Download a Geeground version from the folder 01 Version, here I will use "BeeGround Ver. 1.0" as an example. Unzip the zip file in your local.

## Step 2. Download the latest Unity from the Unity official website
Click this link to the Unity officical webist [www.unity.com](https://unity.com/ "Unity"). For Student and personal using the 100k. it is free to use.
### Unity Hub
You need to download Unity Hub for first. 
### Install Unity "2019.4.25f1(LTS)"
Then click "Installs" on the left side and click "ADD" button and choose "Unity 2019.4.25f1(LTS)"
Then click "Next" and choose Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2019 (For editing code).

## Step 3. Import Beegground in Unity Start
Click "Projects" on the left side and then click "ADD" button to import BeeGround as a project.
Find "Bee-Ground 1.0" folder on your desk and double click the folder to import.
https://i.imgur.com/LTczUO1.png


Click import in the Unity launcher "Unity hub" to import the Beeground local dir. The version could be the lastest one. Here is using Version "2019.4.25f1"
## Step 4. Click "Play" Button to run the example
## Step 5. Click "Tools"-"BeeGround Setting to change the parameter"

# Setting
### Arena settings  
The parameters of arena dimensions can be adjusted in this part and the obstacles and temperature are generated by array files.  
### Robots settings  
The default settings of robots (here using MONA[1] as an example) including size, forward speed, turn speed, sensor range, and wait time are initialized here.  
### Simulation setting  
Simulation duration and number of iterations are defined in this step.  
